Longevity Health Program Need more info? Book a call Fitflix Take the Health Quiz How it works Diagnostics Locations Take the Health Quiz ★★★★★ The Ultimate Longevity & Wellness Club Train-Heal-Grow Next-generation diagnostics, DNA analysis, therapies, and world-class training under one roof. Check my eligibility Book Free Discovery Call The Times of India The Hindu ◆ Vogue India GQ WellToDo Forbes India Men's Health Women's Health Financial Express The Times of India The Hindu ◆ Vogue India GQ WellToDo Forbes India Men's Health Women's Health Financial Express Stop waiting. Start knowing. We go beyond standard check-ups to build plans that uncover risks early and optimise your long-term health. HBOT Therapy CRYO Therapy IR Sauna &amp; Steam Room Cold Plunge Yoga &amp; Pilates Strength &amp; Conditioning Full Body Analysis Genetic Analysis Healt coach Consultation Sports Scientist Programming Customised Diets Bespoke Workouts Disease Prevention Allergy &amp; Genomic Testing HBOT Therapy CRYO Therapy IR Sauna &amp; Steam Room Cold Plunge Yoga &amp; Pilates Strength &amp; Conditioning Full Body Analysis HBOT Therapy CRYO Therapy IR Sauna &amp; Steam Room Cold Plunge Yoga &amp; Pilates Strength &amp; Conditioning Full Body Analysis Saliva DNA Analysis Doctor Consultations Sports Scientist Coaching Customised Diets Bespoke Workouts Disease Prevention Allergy &amp; Genomic Testing Saliva DNA Analysis Doctor Consultations Sports Scientist Coaching Customised Diets Bespoke Workouts Disease Prevention Allergy &amp; Genomic Testing Build your health plan Takes 2 minutes How it works Your roadmap to better health. Step 1 Complete Body Analysis. Start with an in-depth analysis measuring everything from body fat and hemoglobin to a complete ECG. Step 2 Genetic Analysis. Discover your genome data to reveal your predisposition to certain diseases and any underlying allergies. Step 3 Health Coach Consultation. If anything is flagged in your reports, an in-house doctor will directly consult with you to discuss health markers. Step 4 Sports Scientist Programming. Your Health coach, scientist and nutritionist work closely to build your bespoke schedule, workouts, therapies, and diets. Step 5 Coach Handover. Your journey continues with ongoing support from your dedicated longevity coach to execute your plan. Get Started Today Book Free Discovery Call ★★★★★ Our members have seen meaningful health improvements within just six months "If you are serious about your health, Fitflix is a no-brainer. I now have a clear game plan of best-practice for my body moving forward." Paul W. 55 years "If you want a long, happy, healthy life, join Fitflix. I now know exactly what needs fixing and have a team of experts guiding me every step of the way." Sarita H. 43 years "I am beyond impressed. The data provided, the way it was explained to me, and the support I received along the way was all of the highest standard." Katy P. 39 years Our diagnostics Choose your path to better health From bloodwork to advanced diagnostics, create a tailored plan that reveals where your health is heading and how to improve it. Body Fat Analysis Hemoglobin Test ECG & Heart Health Genome Data Allergy Testing HBOT Setup CRYO Therapy IR Sauna Cold Plunge Steam Room Yoga Classes Pilates Studio Strength & Conditioning Custom Diets Personal Workouts Get Your Recommended Plan Takes 2 minutes The first longevity club of its kind. Everything in one place. Usually, people have to take multiple memberships for therapies, gyms, and labs for testing. Fitflix brings them all together at one place in Sainikpuri, Hyderabad. Biomarkers Health Insights ◈ ACTIVITY 2,568 steps Your health dashboard Track every biomarker, in one app. ⊕ BIOMARKERS 108 9 Suboptimal 12 Out of range Optimal Suboptimal Out of range Real-time results Your data, clearly explained. Our locations Find us in Sainikpuri, Hyderabad Get Started Today Book Free Discovery Call ✓ All wellness services brought together under one roof ◉ First ever longevity club in India incorporating state-of-the-art therapies ◎ Huge space completely dedicated to strength and conditioning ⊡ In-house labs and expert sports scientists to formulate your recovery ✦ Say goodbye to multiple memberships for gym, therapies, and diagnostics ≡ Fitflix Welcome, Sarah! Next step Get your health baseline. Book your DEXA Scan. Next availability · Tomorrow, 8:30 am Book Health Insights 75 Biomarkers Biological Age 32 8 years younger Your action plan Physical Assessment A 60 minute longevity-focused movement session Things are better in the Fitflix app ⌘ Download on the App Store ▶ GET IT ON Google Play Services Health Check Longevity Programs Advanced Blood Test Full Body MRI Gut Microbiome About Our Biomarkers Fitflix Doctors Our Locations For Business Customer Stories Other FAQs Gifting Blog &nbsp;|&nbsp; Press Centre Careers Share Fitflix Sign up to discover better health with Fitflix Submit By submitting, you agree to our Privacy Policy . Unsubscribe anytime. © 2026 Fitflix | support@fitflix.in | Terms &amp; Conditions | Privacy Policy Fitflix